contribute to the campaigns and then
they scratch each other's backs if the
president were to go in and say i'ma get
rid of all lobbyists that president
would not make it through his term well
it's hard to say that no it's not no
there's too much money Joe I mean I know
if I'm gonna agree with you in this day
and age it's hard to say that because
you'd have to get everybody on board
with killing a president I think they
definitely did it with Kennedy oh you
mean I think hundred percent you know I
was talking to you know do you have to
get everybody Bauer's no but do you have
to get everybody on board yeah I mean it
just get everybody on board who knows
about it
because otherwise people are gonna tell
if you couldn't kill the fucking
president you you have to get a lot of
as what we're probably gonna get raided
by the Secret Service right now but I'm
saying if you want to kill president
it's not like it used to be I think it
used to be less consequential not that
it was all like John Wilkes Booth days
right they're easier to kill the
president and then Kennedy way easier to
kill a president in 1963 than his killer
president 2019 could you still do it
yeah but you're probably going to get
caught like you would probably get
caught it let you'd have to have I mean
there would have to be a you would have
to have a tiny small circle of fuckin
sociopaths and Psychopaths and they all
agree to keep it hush to me is one
person calling another person saying do
this pay him off and then you can get
caught but one print look we have Secret
Service you have military protecting
them yeah that's different yeah cuz
you'd have takes a lot of layers to get
past that all that you know and some
wouldn't have to make a mistake in
mapping like that was one of the things
I said about a Dealey Plaza I mean they
rolled Kennedy through they're like what
fucking security person would ever agree
to let someone roll through with a
convertible with all these yeah yeah and
then also you have to take that long
slow turn where you know it's something
just drive by going 50 miles an hour and
you got to get your gun don't shoot them
quick no the guy was driving slow it's
ridiculous like you're asking for
someone to get assassinated but I just I
just really feel like there are rules
like that we'll never ever know about
but once you're in there they're like
hey here's what you need to know here's
what you need to know not to go against
I
think that if anybody's gonna tell us
that it's Trump I think the best thing
that could ever happen is that Trump
gets out of his terms in the White House
just starts talking it's it starts
writing folks jealously everything yeah
you want to be the king of the world
right a fucking huge book on exactly
what it's like the day you become the
president that would be insane how how
do you think he's gonna be treated once
it gets out though they'll love him you
think so
they love Bush people hated Bush they
called Bush a war criminal now he's an
adorable grandpa paints no it's true
it's true look man whatever he did Obama
when he was in office they're gonna love
him within a few years I mean most
people that were supporters of Obama
they loved him now I mean he's like yeah
I don't I mean I don't know I think
they're gonna I think a certain
percentage of the population loves Trump
right now period and you know they have
reasons to back it up in terms of like
the economy what they think is happening
is job creation all these different
things that he's doing that may or may
not not have devastating implications
depending on who you talk to that's an
expert and I'm not one yeah I mean but
there's obviously and then also people
say well this is a trend that was
actually going on during the Obama
administration he's just riding the wave
maybe I'm too stupid I don't understand
that stuff but I'm saying there's in
terms of numbers it's not like the
country is completely imploding right
now I mean maybe some people buy some
people's metric it's not doing as well
as he would like to pretend it is
probably but my thing is